This series is crafted for the purpose of entertainment.
All characters, behaviours, settings, and events depicted in this drama are entirely fictitious.
They are not designed to allude to any particular entity, occupation, or group of people.
Viewer discretion is advised.
♫ I’m just someone, who isn’t that perfect ♫
♫ But for you, I’m willing to give it all ♫
♫ Whether you’d love me, or care about me or not ♫
♫ That’s for you to decide, but as for me I’m… ♫
♫ (Going to be right here) not going anywhere ♫
♫ (Hold my hand) stay by my side ♫
♫ Just turn around and you’ll see ♫
♫ You’ll always have me by your side ♫
♫ In this marriage that our love will last forever♫
♫ I promise I’ll give you all my heart♫
♫ Remember when I said…♫
♫ That I’ll take great care of you♫
♫ I promise those words will always stay true♫
(Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Don’t worry, Rose. I’ll make sure he’ll be in good hands.
From now on, I’ll take care of you, Rose.
Where do you think you’re taking her?
And where are you taking her?
I’m taking her home.
Are you sure this is the way to her home?
Before the accident, Uncle Thip called me.
He told me about Mr.Wasupol proposing for your marriage with his son.
But Uncle turned him down.
Just tell her that you’re her fiance.
Will she believe me though?
She will if I tell her so.
I think someone doesn’t want you to marry into our family.
The one who’d be losing most benefits from our marriage is that rascal Din.
Why is that?
Come on. We haven’t got any evidence. Let’s not accuse her like that.
This is just our guess though. But Saen Rak farm owns the least acres of land.
If they want to expand their business, they’d need some of the lands on your Chomchan farm.
But I don’t think Din is that kind of person.
Oh, Rose. Time can change people.
Remember when she told me yesterday that Uncle Thip has asked her to look after you?
That’s because she knew Uncle Thip is still in a coma, so she could just say anything.
Besides, if anything happens to Uncle Thip, all his lands and properties will go to you.
That’s why she wants to have you under her care.
I’ll be careful then.
Wasu and I will take care of you as best as we can.
And I’m going to keep that promise I’ve made to your father.
About the marriage, you can feel free to do as you please.
I truly understand how you feel.
Thank you for understanding, Uncle.
You’re welcome.
After we finish eating, why don’t you show her around our farm?
Sure, Dad.
We grow two types of grapes here.
One for making wine, and the other for eating them fresh.
Help me! Help! Please help!
The worker on our farm. She’s lost her marbles, so we have to make sure she won’t get out and disturb anyone.
Let’s go this way to see the vineyard.
Our wines are made from the grapes we grow on our farm.
Please trim out this part a bit. Thank you.
Last year, our wine also won an award from France.
Let’s have a look over there too.
This is a wine tasting room.
Customers will come here to try our wine before they’d buy it.
So many wines you have here.
Yes.
This one is Cabernet Sauvignon from the year 2020.
We made them the authentic French way. Do you know how?
How?
We had them fermented in oak vats for 18 months.
I’ve named this one ‘Rose Reserved’.
I’ve named it after you.
I want you to be the first one to try it.
Fah, pour me two glasses.
Thank you but…I don’t like drinking wine.
Are you allergic to it?
Yes, I’m allergic to alcohol. Just a sip can make my heart beat faster and feel dizzy.
But our wine isn’t that strong though. Surely, just a sip would be fine.
Please. I really want you to be the first one to try it.
Just a tiny sip. You’ll be fine.
But…
Please don’t turn me down.
Come. Cheers.
Go on, try it.
[Farm worker]: Mr. Wasu! Mr. Wasu!
What’s wrong?
There’s a fire at the back of our farm–near the forest line between our farm and Miss Din’s farm.
Is it serious?
Maybe you should go check it out.
I’ll be right back then.
Yes.
Stop here.
How did it happen?
The fire came from the other side of the forest.
Luckily, we could put it out in time.
Did those bastards do it?
Not sure yet. By the time we came, we couldn’t see anyone but the fire.
But the weather is quite dry these days. It might have caused the fire.
[Farm worker]: Everything is done as you ordered, Miss Din.
Did Wasu come to see it by himself?
Yes, Miss.
Fah, where’s Rose?
She already left.
She left?
Moddang!
Miss Rose! Miss Din told me to come pick you up. Please get in the car.
Are you hurt anywhere, Miss Rose?
No, I’m fine.
We’re lucky Miss Din has asked someone from Saen Rak farm to keep watch over you.
Someone from Saen Rak farm?
Actually, he’s not a worker on the farm.
But rather an undercover cop Miss Din has asked to keep watch over you.
Din sent an undercover cop to follow me?
Yes, when he saw that you had been gone for too long, he decided to report it to Miss Din.
So, Miss Din told me to come pick you up. She said you’d come out soon.
Does this mean Din is behind the fire at Wasu’s farm, Moddang?
What fire? I have no idea. I just know Miss Din is so worried about you.
There must be something going on. That’s why she sent the police to keep watch over me.
But Wasu and his dad just told me that I can’t trust Din.
Who should I trust then?
Miss Din, of course. She’s pretty so she must be a good person.
Moddang, you can’t just judge people by how they look.
That Din I used to know might not be the same anymore.
I can’t trust anyone right now.
If you’re curious, why don’t you just ask her then?
You can decide after hearing her answer. This way, you’ll also find out what else she knows.
Where are you going, Miss Rose? Don’t you want me to drop you off?
Din, I was just about to go see you.
I heard you went to Wasu’s place.
Did you send someone to keep watch over me?
I’m sorry. I didn’t tell you because I thought it might’ve made you feel uncomfortable.
Also, you’re a girl. Living alone on the farm is quite dangerous.
If you’re not going to move to my farm, at least let me send someone to look after you.
Thank you.
But aren’t you going to ask why Mr. Wasupol wanted to talk to me?
I know you’ll tell me if you want to.
He said my dad has promised him that I will marry Wasu.
He also said that I can’t trust you. And that I should stay away from you.
But then you also told me that Dad has asked you to look after me.
Who should I trust then?
Watinwanich or Mahattanakorn?
You or Wasu?
I don’t know. It’s up to you.
Aren’t you going to tell me to trust Watinwanich?
It’s your choice to decide whom you’ll trust. I can’t decide it for you.
You’re all grown up now. You can decide for yourself.
What if I chose Mahattanakorn?
What would you say?
Then, I’d respect your decision.
But haven’t you promised my dad that you’ll take care of me?
Even if you choose Mahattanakorn, I’ll find a way to protect you in my own way.
Aren’t you going to tell me that Mattanakorn are bad people?
And that I should be careful about them just like how Wasu told me to be careful about you.
I want you to decide for yourself, from what you see and how you feel.
I have one last question then.
Are you hiding something from me?
Does it have anything to do with Mr. Wasupol? Why are you so worried…
that you sent an undercover cop to keep watch over me?
Mr. Wasupol is involved in human trafficking.
He wants the land on your farm to use as a route for smuggling people across the border.
He kept pushing about your marriage with his son.
But your dad found out and turned him down.
He was looking into this matter…
when the accident happened.
I can’t say anything much since I don’t have evidence.
[Din]: Mr. Wasupol is involved in human trafficking.
He wants the land on your farm to use as a route for smuggling people across the border.
[A girl’s shouting]: Help me! Help! Let me go! Help!
The worker on our farm. She’s lost her marbles, so we have to make sure she won’t get out and disturb anyone.
Let’s go this way to see the vineyard.
About my offer to have you under my care, I want you to make up your mind as soon as you can.
Oh.
Wow, if it’s this much then why don’t you just bring it to Miss Rose yourself?
Why keep it a secret?
I’m afraid it’d make her feel awkward.
It wouldn’t make me feel awkward.
I’ll go put these things in the house then.
I’m just…dropping by to give you some stuff. I’d get going then.
You’re going somewhere?
I’m going to visit Uncle Thip.
That’s good. I’m about to go see him too. I’m coming with you then.
You might want to buckle up?
Dad, it’s me–Rose. Din is also here.
Uncle Thip, it’s me–Din.
Since when I was little, I’ve always trusted you in every decision you’ve made.
I know you’ll always choose the best for me.
Today, I’m going to trust you and let her do what you’ve asked her to do.
What do you mean, Rose?
I want to be under your care.
I chose Watinwanich.
Are you okay, Din?
Why did you choose to trust me?
Because of what you said, what I saw, and memories I have about you.
I want to get on a boat.
You can’t.
Uncle said we should never get you on a boat.
I don’t see why. The water is really shallow. Come with me, Rose.
I said no.
I’m not going then.
Uncle said you can.
That’s not true.
Uncle said we should never let her get on a boat.
Don’t listen to her. Come with me. Uncle wouldn't mind it.
You can’t!
I’ve promised Uncle that I’ll look after Rose, and won’t let her do something that might put her in danger.
Don’t be a coward.
I said you can’t!
I was the one who told her never to get Rose on a boat.
She can barely swim.
Thank you so much, Din.
You’re welcome.
Since when we were little, Dad has always trusted you to look after me.
Also, that expression in your eyes when you try to protect me still looks the same as back then.
Thank you.
It’s almost lunchtime now, do you want to eat anything?
I’m not hungry yet. Can you take me back to the farm?
Sure.
[Saen Rak farm]
Why are you taking me to your farm?
Let’s eat.
I’m not hungry.
But it’s time to eat. You should always have your meal on time.
I can go back and eat at my place.
Right now, there isn’t anyone there to prepare the food for you. Just eat here.
I already told Aunt Chan to prepare it for you.
Hm? When did you tell her?
After we finish eating, I’ll take you back to your farm. Come on then.
This way.
Thank you.
It’s been a long time, Miss Rose. You’re a lady now. And a really beautiful one too.
You knew me when I was a kid?
Of course, I’ve been working here for over 20 years now.
When you two were still kids, you often came here to play with Miss Din.
I’m sorry I can’t remember you at all. I must have been very little back then.
Oh, it’s all right.
When Miss Din called and told me you’d be coming, I was so excited and cooked all these for you.
They’re all my favourites.
Miss Din told me so.
Hope you’ll enjoy the food then.
Thank you.
Hmm, your cooking is amazing, Aunt Chan.
I really miss Thai food with this kind of taste.
I’m glad you like it, Miss. Please enjoy your food then.
Eat some vegetables too. Don’t just eat the meat.
Do you know you sound like a discipline teacher just now?
Me?
Yes.
Hello?
Right now? Okay, I’ll be right there.
Rose, please wait here. I have to go to the office first.
Eat first, then you can go to work.
I’m not hungry.
But it’s time to eat. You should always have your meal on time.
If you’re going to get back at me like that, I’m afraid I’ll have to eat then.
Good.
Aunt Chan.
Yes?
Can you please bring me a plate?
Yes, Miss.
As a vegetable farm owner, you should also eat lots of them.
Fine.
Where’s Rose?
She’s not here.
Liar. She must be here.
- Rose!
- You can’t go in, Mr. Wasu!
- Get off me.
- Mr. Wasu.
Rose!
You can’t go in, Mr. Wasu!
- Rose!
- You can’t go in there!
- Mr. Wasu!
- Rose!
Get off me. Rose! Rose!
You can’t come in here! Don’t!
Move! Rose!
You can’t go up there!
Get off me. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
- Rose!
- You can’t go up there.
I said fuck off!
Miss Din took her to visit her dad at the hospital.
That brat again?
After hearing what I told her yesterday, she still wants to go with that rascal Din?
This means she doesn’t believe us at all.
Or that brat has probably filled her head with some lies.
It seems Rose isn’t as naive as I thought.
I don’t think we can use a gentle approach on her.
The police have been keeping their eyes on us lately.
That side also keeps rushing us to change the smuggling route.
The land by the river on Chomchan farm is our only way out.
Do you understand what I mean?
Yes.
Let’s just say I’ll try to make Rose mine as soon as possible.
Don’t mess up again.
Or else you’ll get us all in deep shit.
Yes, Dad.
Please come in, Miss Rose.
How many people live here? Why is it so quiet?
Only Miss Din lives here.
After her father passed away,
Miss Din had to take over his business, and has been looking after this farm alone since when she was still in college.
She takes care of everything alone?
Yes. But fortunately, your father–Mr. Thip–was also there to give her advice on many things.
She was having a really hard time back then.
But she stayed strong and finally went through it.
That’s why she seems quiet and reserved, unlike when she was a kid.
Who’s this girl in the photo?
Oh, that’s Miss Din’s cousin.
Mr. Kasidit’s younger brother’s daughter. The one on the left next to Miss Din is Miss Nam.
The one on the right is Miss Din. And Miss Fai.
They all look so cute.
Yes, so adorable indeed.
I’m sure you’ll meet them soon.
Have you been waiting long?
Miss Din.
Not at all. I’m secretly pressing for information about your family.
Did you get any then?
I’m not familiar with some of them, so I was asking her who is who.
Miss Din, let me excuse myself then.
These three are my younger sisters.
They come here once in a while.
They are all good-looking.
Does this gene only run in your family?
You’re so lucky.
To have so many cousins.
Unlike me. It makes me feel lonely sometimes.
You still have me, Rose.
Do you want to go back now? I’ll give you a ride.
Yes.
Let’s go.
Miss Rose! Miss!
What is it, Moddang?
Mr. Wasu and his men just came here.
I told him you weren’t home but he didn’t believe me.
He even went into the house to look for you.
I tried to stop him but he never listened.
Wasu dared trespassing into my house?
Din, what should I do?
That’s right, what should we do?
What if he came here again? There are only us girls here.
Come stay with me at Saen Rak farm.
You want me to move there?
We have to deal with the situation at hand first.
I’ll think of a way to deal with the rest.
But what if I moved there and caused you and your people troubles?
My people and I will protect you.
Have you finished packing?
Yes. I didn’t bring much from the US anyway.
I plan to buy whatever I might need here.
Your farm and mine are only a second away. If you forget anything, we can always come back and get it later.
I told Moddang that too.
But she’s packing like she’s going to live there for good.
I love it here so much, because these roses were planted by my mum.
Your mum must surely love roses.
Yes, that’s why my parents named their daughter “Rose”.
My dad said that roses are not only pretty,
but they also have thorns to protect themselves.
He really picked the perfect name for you.
What abou you? Why did your parents name you “Din”?
I was born preterm.
So they named me Din to ward off the bad luck.
My real name, Kasama, also means earth.
Because they want me to grow up to be strong and steady like the earth.
Your parents also picked a perfect name for you.
You’ve surely grown up to be a strong girl.
And even looked after me since when I was young.
Din.
Can I come back here to tend to my mum’s roses sometimes?
Dad isn’t here now.
I want to make sure these roses that represent my parent’s love are well taken care of.
Of course.
I’ll take you here every day.
Thank you.
Let me go, Mr. Wasu!
Then fucking tell me where Rose is!
I don’t know!
Where has that brat taken her to?
I really don’t know!
It’s your home, how can you not know?
Miss Rose! Please help me!
Moddang.
Where are you taking her?
It’s none of your business.
What fucking right do you have to take her away from me? She’s my fiance-to-be.
- Back off!
- Move!
Miss Rose!
Come with me! If you keep being stubborn, I’m not going to be nice to you then.
Let me go! It hurts.
Let her go!
A sissy like you…
can’t even shoot a limping dog.
You think you can shoot me? You’re just a sissy like your fucking dad!
Fuck, Din!
Did you just try to shoot me?
Stay away from her, or you’ll get to eat my bullet next time.
You, mark my words. Those who want to be my enemies will never die in peace!
Are you okay, Rose? Are you hurt anywhere?
You’re safe now.
Do you usually carry a gun with you all the time?
Not really. It’s just that we’ve been on bad terms with Nubanun farm lately.
So, I have to carry it with me just in case…
I might need it to protect myself and the people I love.
I mean those people on our farms and everyone under my care.
Yes.
You’ve changed a lot.
Maybe because I don’t want my late parents to worry about me.
Then don’t get yourself hurt like this again.
I don’t want to keep fixing the wound for you.
My dad also said that to me.
Din, why have you never told me you were bullied?
I don’t want to worry you.
It’s my fault that I’m weak. I can’t fight them, so I get bullied.
Din, it’s true that I’ve always taught you to be nice to others.
But that doesn’t mean you always have to give in and let them hurt you.
But Wasu is much bigger than me. I’m just a girl, I can’t fight him.
You don’t always need to use your physical strength to fight with someone.
If you’re smaller and can’t fight his strength, then use your wits and your brain to fight with him instead.
Yes.
When I’m no longer around to protect you, I want to be sure that you can protect yourself.
Because I can’t look after you forever.
Yes, I’m not going to let Wasu bully me again.
I want you to grow up happily and be able to take care of yourself.
I want my little Kasama to become strong and able to protect herself, and never let anyone bully her.
But don’t forget to always protect those who are bullied too.
Does it still hurt?
Just a little.
It’ll heal in a few days.
I’m so sorry for being the cause you got hurt.
No, it was because of Wasu.
You don’t have to try to make me feel less guilty.
I’m not saying it to make you feel less guilty.
But the one who is wrong here is Wasu.
Thank you. But it still worries me how Wasu has threatened us like that.
Rose, please rest assured you’ll be safe here.
I already told my people to never let Wasu and his men ever step foot into our farm.
But I’m worried about you.
You’re…worried about me?
Can you promise me that you’ll be careful?
Don’t go anywhere alone, and never let your guards down.
Yes, I promise I’ll be more careful.
[Saen Rak farm]
Aunt Chan has already prepared a room for you.
It’s over here.
As for Moddang, your room is at the back right next to Aunt Chan’s room.
Yes, Miss. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Thank you, Din.
I usually live here alone. Aunt Chan will often come in to help with the chores.
Please make yourself comfortable. Think of it as your own home.
If you need anything, you can tell Aunt Chan.
Please feel free to let me know. You can always call for me, Miss Rose.
Thank you, Aunt Chan.
You’re welcome.
I’ll go put my things in the room then.
I’ll take you there.
Thank you.
Do you want to take a look around my farm?
Sure.
Let’s put your bag in the room first, and I’ll show you around.
Okay.
These vegetables look so yummy.
If you want any of them, feel free to take them back.
Vegetables here are fresh and chemical-free.
So fresh indeed. That’s a big fat caterpillar there.
I don’t see any.
- Where’s it?
- There.
My vegetables are really fresh and clean.
I believe you.
How do you manage to look after a farm this big?
You’re amazing. I don’t think I’d be able to do it.
Well, it’s not that hard.
You only need a good management plan to run the farm. That’d help make our work a lot easier.
You have to take care of many things on the farm, and you still have to look after me too.
That’s not a problem at all.
But I only need you to do one thing for me.
What is it?
I want you to have your meal on time. Three meals a day. And eat some vegetables too.
I’m not a kid anymore…
to get fussy whenever I have to eat my food or vegetables.
So, does that mean you’re not going to cry if I make you eat vegetables?
Yes!
You’re quite serious about eating, aren’t you?
Does this mean you always have your meal on time?
Well, I do forget to eat sometimes, especially when I’m busy with work.
You still can’t do it yourself. And you want to make me do it?
I don’t want your dad to think that I’m not taking good care of you.
Now I’m wondering if I’ve made the right decision to be under your care.
You’re so strict even about eating.
I’m only strict with you though.
Be careful!
Are you all right?
I’m fine. Thank you.
If you no longer want to be under my care,
you can always change your mind anytime.
I don’t want to make you feel like you have no choice but to stay with me.
I want to tell you that too.
If one day you ever get tired of looking after me, you don’t have to worry about breaking your promise with my dad.
You can always call it off and tell me honestly.
I’m sure I won’t be the one who calls it off.
Since that day when I’ve given your dad my words, I knew what I’ll have to go through.
I’ll stop caring for you only when you tell me so.
That girl’s got the nerve to do that to you?
Yes, Dad. And now Rose has moved in to stay with her.
All because of that bastard. She has ruined our plan.
How dared her, insulting me in front of Rose like that.
Things won’t be easy for us from now on.
Miss Din.
Are you excited because a friend is sleeping over?
What is it, Din?
Before you came, this room was left empty for a while.
So, I brought you a reed diffuser to make the air less stuffy.
Do you want to come in first? I’m still not used to the place so I’m not sleepy yet.
I’ll put it here then.
Is there anything else you need?
No.
If you ever need anything, you can always let me know.
Excuse me.
I saw you sneezing earlier so I brought you an air purifier from my room.
I’ll put it in your room.
Thank you.
I’m afraid you might get cold, so I brought you more blankets.
I’ve also prepared some snacks for you in the fridge. In case you’re hungry at night.
I don’t know if you prefer your pillow soft or firm.
I brought you a bolster in case you might want something to hug while you sleep.
If you’re going to worry this much, why don’t you come and sleep here then?
Are you sure?
I’m kidding.
Or do you want Moddang to come and stay with you?
It’s okay.
Well, let me know if you need anything. I’ll have someone get it for you.
I’ve bothered you a lot already.
Don’t say that. It’s not a bother at all.
Once this is all over, I promise to return you all the favours for everything you’ve done for me and my dad.
I’m helping you not because I want anything in return.
I know you’re not that kind of person.
But I really want to do something for you too.
If you really want to return me the favour,
just take good care of yourself.
I want nothing but for you to be safe.
I’ll go back to my room then. Please get some rest.
Din.
Thank you for always protecting me.
[Rose]: But I’m worried about you.
Can you promise me that you’ll be careful?
Don’t go anywhere alone. And never let your guards down.
- That’s a big fat caterpillar there.
- Where is it?
There.
[Din]: Be careful!
Do we have a guest today? Why is there so much food?
Oh, they’re all for you, Miss.
Huh?
Miss Din doesn’t know what kind of breakfast you prefer.
So, she told me to prepare an international course for you.
She just wants to please you, Miss.
Please have a seat.
Where’s Din?
She already left for work.
She wants you to have a good rest. That’s why she didn’t wake you up.
She was up so early this morning though. I suspect she didn’t have much sleep.
She’s probably excited to have you here with her.
Usually, she lives here alone.
But deep down, I think she’s quite lonely.
She must be so happy to have you here.
Last night, I saw her keep pacing back and forth in front of your room and not going to bed even when it was late.
I see.
Is she working on the farm? I’ll make some desserts for her.
Oh no, Miss. She’s gone to Chiang Mai to see her client.
Din is in Chaing Mai?
Mr. Wasu, Din has already gone to Chiang Mai.
Tell our men to proceed with the plan.
Yes, sir.
Thank you very much. Please don’t forget to consider what we’ve discussed earlier.
About sending your vegetables to my shop.
That’d be our pleasure.
I’ll have to excuse myself then.
Yes.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. Until next time.
Yes.
The negotiation went well this time. We’ve settled the deal faster than expected.
Do you want to go to the hotel now? I already booked a room for you.
It’s not that late. I think we should go back to the farm.
I’m sorry, Kaew.
Don’t worry, Miss.
Usually, you’d stay for a night and go back home the next morning.
But this time you want to hurry home because you worry about Miss Rose, don’t you?
I truly understand why though.
Mr. Thipakorn is still in a coma.
And we still don’t know what those guys on Nubanun farm are up to.
By the way, have you got anything on what I’ve asked you to look into?
Not yet, Miss. That family is incredibly powerful indeed.
If their workers on the farm ever do anything wrong, they can always sneak across the border and take refuge there.
It’s quite tough to track them down.
Then I guess we have to lure them into the trap.
What are you going to do?
Let’s go home.
Let me drive then.
It’s okay.
You already drove us here. I’ll drive this time.
Let me carry the ipad for you then.
Miss Din, looks like we’ve been followed by a motorcycle.
It’s been tailing after us from the city center.
You knew?
That’s intentional!
Miss Din!
♫ You’ll always have me by your side ♫
♫ In this marriage that our love will last forever♫
♫ I promise I’ll give you all my heart♫
♫ Remember when I said…♫
♫ That I’ll take great care of you♫
♫ I promise those words will always stay true♫
[Next Episode]
I’ll do anything to expose them and their illicit trade.
The police mightn’t be able to help us, but the journalists can.
Lom, I’ll send you all the information in case you might want to look further into it.
That’s a lot of benefits they’d gain. They’re gonna do everything to acquire her land.
I’m going to make Wasu change his target.
You have to marry Rose.
Make them think that it’s you who owns everything, not Rose.
Moddang, yesterday Din…
Miss Din what?
Please marry me.
She proposed to me.
♫Your touch burns a flame so bright,♫
♫Your warm embrace♫
♫Cools me down like ocean waves♫
♫A breeze so light, makes me wanna fly away♫
♫You keep me grounded, peaceful, and safe♫
♫Take my hand and just believe♫